# Use of ARIMA Model For Weather Forecast For Two Wine Regions
## Final BSc Project

This project aims to predict the weather in the long term with the help of Machine Learning (ML), Artificial Intelligence (AI) and therefore help wine producers to prepare themselves for upcoming decisions at the strategic level at the top of the pyramid.
When it comes to wine, one of the most related topics to it is the climate issue and this, in turn, is related to a region and a certain type of grape. Some regions are warmer and humid, others colder and drier, or vice versa, hot and dry, cold and humid. We also have combinations where the day is usually quite hot but there is a cooling effect at night or where the difference in temperature between cold nights and warm days is not so big. The truth is that each type of grape requires a certain combination of climatic factors and not all grapes can grow in all regions, in all climates, for example, Pinot Noir is possibly the most delicate grape and prefers more temperate-cold climates. On the other hand, we have Chardonnay that supports a great variety of climates and that is why in the wine world it is said that certain grapes develop their maximum potential in certain regions such as the same Pinot Noir grape in Burgundy, High California or New Zealand, and others like Cabernet Sauvignon in Bordeaux, Syrah in Côtes-du-Rhône or Australia.
To make this project feasible for the timeframe given and a “Guinea Pig” we would start with two regions (Burgundy and Yarra Valley) and one grape (Pinot Noir) for the two regions and study its ideal conditions, set a time range (10 years) and try to predict how the climate will be like in that region in the time mentioned. 
Then the idea is to find a correlation between historical weather data for that regions and the quality of the wine for that year, though we know there’s a lot more that goes into wine than the weather. But we understand that weather is one of the key factors dictating how good or bad a certain year’s crop will be.

